# CS-255

In DriverPass project I was working on designing a software system for a company named DriverPass. The client was looking to develop a system that would prepare their customers for a driver’s license examination at their local DMV. DriverPass wanted to provide students with access to online practice exams and on-the-road training. 

I think that I was able to analyze the interview with the head of DriverPass and identify system requirements particularly well. I also think that the UML diagrams I prepared for some parts of the system were really useful for understanding how the system worked. If I were to choose a part of the project to revise or continue working on, I would definitely spend more time analyzing the system and improving the diagrams. 

Having plenty of diagrams is really helpful when it comes to understanding the system’s requirements, processes involved in its functionality, and objects that compose it. Having a variety of diagrams also helps us ensure that the user’s and customer’s needs are met. When developing a website or application, it is very important to consider the needs and expectations of external users. An external user is someone who is the end user of a product and who influences its success or failure. In order to consider the needs of the external user, it is necessary to conduct audience research and understand who they are, what they want and what functionality needs to be offered. Each audience's interests and preferences may be different, so it is important to take into account different opinions and feedback.

Systems development is a systematic process that includes phases such as planning, analysis, design, deployment, and maintenance. Each step is crucial, and none of those can be skipped. In the future, when I work on designing software, I will stive to implement the knowledge I gained in this course. I will start designing the system by creating a business requirements document which I will complete prior to finalizing the whole system and presenting it to the client. I will begin my analysis by interviewing the client and collecting requirements for the future product. I will then work on separating functional requirements from non-functional. My next step will be creating a variety of diagrams including UML use case, activity, sequence, and class diagrams. I will then be sure to identify system limitations, assumptions, and technical requirements. Finally, I will present the system design to the client and ask for feedback.
